I check my email every day.
Yuki works at the bank.
They live in Rome.
Julian starts work at nine o’clock and finishes at five.
I don't eat meat.
It doesn't usually snow in October.
Why do you read the news online every day?
Does the supermarket sell stamps?

Just a minute. I'm checking my email. 
She usually works in London, but she's working from home this week.
I'm studying Economics.
I'm seeing the doctor on Monday morning.
Can I call you back later? We're having dinner right now.
He isn't answering his mobile at the moment.
What are you doing?
Is it raining?

I've seen all Tarantino's films.
Have you ever eaten sushi? Yes, I have. No, I haven't.
Oh no! I've left my wallet on the bus.
The president has resigned.
I haven't seen Jenny this morning. 
How long have you known Mitya? I've known him for two years.
Jack's been in Italy since January.
It's just stopped raining. Let's go out.
Can you feed the cat? I've already fed her.
We can still watch the film. It hasn't started yet.
Have you done your English homework yet?
I saw Jenny yesterday.
Peter moved to Saudi Arabia in 2011.
Natasha didn't want another piece of cake.
When did you see Alex?
I've finished the report.
Jack's been in Italy since January.
We've just got back from Germany.
I haven't seen Jenny this morning.
How long has Alex known Mitya?

I've been reading that new book you lent me. I'm really enjoying it.
Is that Joe? I've been trying to contact you. I've got some bad news.
She's already been sleeping for two hours.
It's been raining all morning.
I've been decorating the house this summer.
You've got paint all over your T-shirt. Oh, I've just been painting the living room.
I'm really tired. I haven't been sleeping well lately.
Jack's working very hard for his exams. He's been revising all day.
I've been working at the café for two weeks.
You've been watching far too much telly for too long. Why don't you take up a new sport?
I haven't been drinking coffee these last few days and my head is much clearer.
Doctor, I've been feeling dizzy and faint in the mornings.
Have you been eating all the biscuits? There are none left!
What have you been doing? You look exhausted!
He has already been talking for ten minutes.
Has he already been talking for ten minutes?
He has been talking for ten minutes already.
Has he been talking for ten minutes already?
The chicken has already been cooking for an hour and a half.
I have just been thinking about Joe. Do you think he's better now?
The chicken must be ready by now. It's already been cooking for an hour and a half.
Oh, hi Joe. I've just been talking about you to Sophie!

All students have their own rooms.
All information is on the website.
Every student has their own room.
I love every painting by that artist.
Each painting is unique.
You've eaten every chocolate in the box!
In baseball, how many players are there in each team?
All of the students have their own rooms.
Each of them has their own room.
She plays both the violin and the guitar.
Neither me nor my brother are married.
Should I wear either this shirt or that one?
Neither answer is correct.

It's so annoying. Jason keeps phoning me all the time.
It's so annoying. Jason keeps on phoning me all the time.
When did you break up?
Oh, I broke off our engagement ages ago. He broke down when I told him.
When you take exercise, your heart beats faster.
If I drink milk, I get stomach ache.
If you take exercise, your heart beats faster.
When I drink milk, I get stomach ache.
If I see Freddy later, I'll give him the book. 
When I see Freddy later, I'll give him the book.
If we go to the beach, I'll take my swimsuit. 
When we go to the beach, I'll take my swimsuit.
When she eats too much cake, she feels bad.
We always have a good time if we go dancing.
I feel upset when he doesn't answer my calls.
If you mix white and yellow, you don't get orange.
What comes out of a volcano when it erupts?
Do eyelashes grow again if you cut them off? Yes, they do. No, they don't.

When we go to Paris, we'll visit the Eiffel Tower.
I'll do the cooking this evening if it's OK with you.
When they finish work, they’ll go home.
I won't wait for you, if you’re late again.
When we go camping, we won’t take our laptops.
Where will he live when he moves to the city? 
If I don't see you later, will you call me? Yes, I will. No, I won't.
We might go shopping later if we have enough time. 
If you don't feel well, you should stay at home tonight. 
When we finish our homework, we could watch TV.

There might life forms on Mars.
There's some gas on the planet that may suggest this.
NASA says it could have been suitable for life in the past.
Their information might not be correct.
They mightn't have got correct data.
Other scientists say that there couldn't be life on Mars.
The gas couldn't be coming from living organisms.
The information might be correct.
They must know that it isn't possible.
Bacteria-like organisms could be producing the gas.
There may not have been anything in the lake.
Scientists can't have found anything definite.
They mightn't have been looking in the right area.
Could the data be incorrect? 
Do you think it's incorrect?

When I arrived home, my sister had already made lunch. 
My sister made lunch. Then I arrived home.
When I arrived home, my son had already made an enormous carrot cake.
I woke up late because I'd forgotten to set my alarm clock.
I had just taken off my coat when the telephone rang.
We hadn’t finished cleaning by the time the guests arrived.
By the time the guests arrived, we hadn't finished cleaning.
When my parents got to the station, they realised they had left the tickets at home.
By the time Mark arrived at work, the staff meeting had already started.
I woke up late because I'd forgotten to set my alarm clock.
Kerry couldn't leave work on time because she hadn't written the report.
They didn't tellthe police about the accident they had seen.
Had you finished your homework before the movie started?
Hadn't John told them what he wanted?
When I arrived home, my sister had made lunch.  
By the time I arrived at work, the staff meeting had already started.

Can you pass me the yellow pen please?
Are you happy?
He walked slowly to his car. 
It was a very sunny day. 
He finished the exam really quickly. 
That was a silly thing to do.
He was a bully at school.
You have to apply for the job. 
She is a good player. 
He played well tonight.
I like fast cars.
She likes driving fast. 
It was a hard exam.
He works and plays hard.

If I'd known it was your birthday, I'd have bought you a present.
If the taxi had arrived on time, he wouldn't have missed the plane.
If I'd known it was your birthday, I'd have bought you a present.
I'd have bought you a present if I'd known it was your birthday.
If the taxi had arrived on time, Jack wouldn't have missed the plane.
Jack wouldn't have missed the plane if the taxi had arrived on time.
If there had been any snow, we'd have gone skiing.
If it hadn't been raining, we'd have had a picnic.
If you'd asked meto marry you, I'd have said no.
We'd have been in trouble if we'd missed the last train.
She wouldn't have become ill if she'd taken the medicine.
It would have been better if they hadn't come to the party.
If you hadn't been so friendly, I wouldn't have talked to you.
What would they have done if they'd lost their jobs?             
If I'd told him the truth, how would he have felt?
If he'd been driving morecarefully, he wouldn't have had an accident. 
I wouldn't have met my girlfriend if I'd been living abroad.
We might have been happierif we'd boughtthe other house.
If he hadn't got up so late, he might not have missed the train.
I wish I'd stayed in bed this morning.
If only I'd stayed in bed this morning.
I wish I'd picked the other horse! 
If only I'd picked the other horse!
We wouldn't have been happy if we hadn't won the game.

The population has increased. 
Consequently, the government is going to build more houses.
The population has increased; consequently, the government is going to build more houses.
The population has increased consequently the government is going to build more houses.
The population has increased. 
As a result, the government is going to build more houses.
The population has increased; therefore, the government is going to build more houses.
As a result of interest rate rises, the problem has increased.
The problem has increased as a result of interest rate rises.
The problem has increased owing to the fact that interest rates are rising.

"He's hungry", he says.
She tells me, "I love chicken sandwiches."
He says he is hungry.
She tells me she loves chicken sandwiches.
I know you." She said she knew him.
"I am having coffee" He said he was having coffee.
"I have finished my homework". He said he had finished his homework.
"I have been studying Chinese". She said she had been studying Chinese.
"I am going to go home". She said she was going to go home.
"I will go to the bank later". He said he would go to the bank later.
"I love you." He said he loved her.
"I've been working hard." She told me that she'd been working hard.
"I'll see you later." He said he would see me later.
"I didn't have time to go shopping." He said he hadn't had time to go shopping. 
"I can't talk to you." She told me that she couldn't talk to me.
"I wouldn't want to live in the country." He said he wouldn't want to live in the country.
"Where can I buy a hamburger?" She asked where she could buy a hamburger.
"Who must I see at the bank?" He asked who he had to see at the bank.
"Are you going to Leila's party?" She asked if I was going to Leila's party.
"I know which way to go." He thought he knew which way to go.
"I stole the books." He admitted that he had stolen the books.
"Why doesn't she like me?" He wondered why she didn't like him.

Millions of people use the internet every day.
A strong storm destroyed many houses in the village.
Only six students passed the test.
The internet is used by millions of people every day.
Many houses in the village were destroyed by a strong storm.
The test was passed by only six students.
The solution was heated to 100 degrees.
My bike was stolen last Thursday.
The president was voted into office.
Bees make honey.
James Cameron directed Titanic.
Alex is repairing Bill's bicycle.
Honey is made by bees.
Titanic was directed by James Cameron.
Bill's bicycle is being repaired by Alex.
Honey is not made by wasps.
Titanic wasn’t directed by George Lucas.
Bill's bicycle is not being repaired by Alex.
Is honey made by bees?
Was Titanic directed by James Cameron?
Is Bill's bicycle being repaired by Alex?
The metal sheeting was heated and bent into shape before being cooled, polished, and finally painted.

Today is hotter than yesterday.
I think documentaries are more interesting than the news.
Can you drive faster? I'm late.
My brother speaks more fluently than me.
Train journeys in the UK are becoming more and more expensive.
The sky grew darker and darker and we knew the storm would break soon.
The faster they went, the louder they screamed.
The taller she grew, the thinner she became.
September is the busiest month for our business..
Angelina Jolie was the highest paid actress last year.
Which student has worked the hardest this year?
hat was the funniest film I've seen this year.
He swam the fastest he has ever swum to win gold.
This hotel is cheaper than the one on the beach.
Life in the country is more peaceful than in the city.
Ali spoke more accurately than Khalid in the exam.
He's better than me at tennis.
Can you talk more quietly, please? I'm trying to work.
It's the cheapest restaurant in town.
He spoke the most confidently in the final interviews.
August is the quietest month in Paris.
December is our busiest time of year.
Shirley is much more popular than Janet.
This winter is a lot worse than last year.
I work much more effectively when I have a good night's sleep.
Mario is as clever as his brother.
Juliana shouted as loudly as the others but the teacher didn't choose her.
He was as quiet as a mouse.
The material was as thin as ice.
Her hands were as warm as toast.
He ran as fast as the wind to escape.
When Anna heard the news, she turned as white as a sheet.
He picked her up and she was as light as a feather.
Ishbel is not as talented as her sister.
The final wasn't so exciting as the semi-final.

I had been living in London for two years when I met Alice.
I'd been waiting for two hours before the bus arrived.
He had a headache because he had been listening to loud music.
Silvia had been sleeping for three hours when her mother woke her up.
Before I met Alice, I had been living in London for two years. 
Jack ran the marathon in 2014, for which he had been training since 2010.
After I had been swimming for an hour, I was so cold I had to stop.
I was exhausted when I got home because I had been training the whole morning.
Patrick felt refreshed because he had slept all afternoon.
Patrick felt refreshed because he had been sleeping all day.
I'd already cooked supper when Jan got home.
The children had been playing in the park for hours when they suddenly realised that it was dark.
He had read the book three times.
He had cycled two kilometres before he realised he had a puncture.
Had you been drinking when you fell off your bike?
We hadn't been waiting long when the taxi arrived.
John went to the doctor because he’d been having trouble sleeping.

He walked quickly to the station.
I often play tennis.
They haven't been home recently.
He wore a bright yellow short.
She answered very quickly.
Carefully, Peter opened the box.
Peter carefully opened the box.
Peter opened the box carefully.
He's always on time.
I was never happy at school.
You can never predict what mood he is going to be in.
I've rarely seen him angry.
I will always love you.
They shouldn't ever have done that.
Have you ever thought of changing job?
Would you really like it if I visited?
I don't usually like going out on weeknights.
They won't always let you in after midnight.

Money can’t buy you happiness.
I can’t express the happiness that I felt when my son was born.
Enthusiasm is important in any line of work.
The enthusiasm she has for her craft is obvious.
A quality I look for in a partner is intelligence.
She’s got the intelligence to get to the very top of her profession.
Everyone is entitled to freedom.
Just because you’re 15 now doesn’t mean you have the freedom to come and go as you please.

In 100 years' time, everyone will have an electric car.
The government is going to raise fuel taxes.
I'm cooking for six guests next week.
