London's Metropolitan University stopped taking new students for 
its undergraduate degree in Women's Studies in 2005 and the last 
12 students will graduate with a BA in the subject this July.
Its demise follows that of other Women's Studies departments across 
Britain that have lost both funding and students or been merged 
into other disciplines.
Critics say the subject was a product of its time and that 
the feminist arguments of the 1970s no longer apply. 
It became the butt of many a joke in the mainstream media and 
in today's competitive job market students steer clear, 
preferring degrees that will secure employment.
But all is not lost for the subject. 
Postgraduate studies will continue in this country and Women's 
Studies is thriving in many countries such as India and Iran.

The tone is chatty, at times even facetious. 
The agents from Israel's internal security service, the Shin Bet, 
are shown in silhouette.
Agent Chet is the sole woman among them. 
She works in high-tech. 
She says she went to the agency because it offered her a better 
work-life balance than her previous job in the private sector. 
There are parts of her job, she says, which she can't discuss even with 
her husband, but there again, at home, they don't much like talking about work.
Agent Aleph, dubbed 'the expert' on the blog, attempts to debunk a few myths. 
"We don't work in a basement," he says. 
"We don't spend the day wearing earpieces. 
And we don't get to have flashing blue lights for our cars. 
We have to sit in traffic jams like everyone else."
The blogs are intended to draw members of the public into other areas 
of the Shin Bet website, in particular the recruitment section. 
A Shin Bet official told the BBC that the idea was to inform the public 
that the agency offers work beyond just stopping Palestinian paramilitary attacks. 
The official said that the agency had been cheered by the feedback from members 
of the Israeli public, keen to find out more about the jobs within Shin Bet, 
the pay and even the food.

Jose Antonio Reggiardo died following a helicopter crash in July 
Nineteen-Ninety-Eight, leaving a thirty-five million dollar fortune 
and no known children. 
But as he lay dying in hospital, in rushed Maria Angelica Godoy 
screaming: "That's my father." 
And she went on to produce the paperwork to prove her case - 
and to enjoy her new-found wealth.
But then, up stepped Mario Calderon who'd been told by an aunt 
that he was the son of the landowner - who had had a brief 
affair with his mother, who worked on the estate. 
The mother drowned in a boating accident while Mr Calderon was a baby.
A year after the landowner died, Mr Calderon got a legal order to disinter 
the body and carry out DNA tests. 
They proved that he was the child of Jose Antonio Reggiardo. 
Maria Godoy carried out a similar test which proved that she wasn't.
While Mr Calderon now enjoys his father's wealth, Ms Godoy and the two 
lawyers who allegedly helped her to produce the false documents, 
are being prosecuted for fraud.

These unwanted guests at Sydney's Royal Botanic Gardens look like tiny 
foxes with wings. 
Officials had estimated there are about 11,000 of them roosting in 
the picturesque harbour-side park. 
After inspecting damage to dozens of trees they now believe there 
are twice as many as previously thought. 
Branches have been snapping under the weight of these furry invaders 
and droppings have been poisoning plants.
Help may well be at hand, however, in the shape of the humble dustbin. 
The botanic gardens' executive director Dr. 
Tim Entwistle hopes the jarring sounds of crashing bin lids will 
agitate the flying foxes and force them to move on:
"The way to disturb them is to use noises, 
so we've used banging of rubbish bins in the past. 
But you can also use speakers as long as you move the noise around, 
and what we'll do is have a series of noises, start and end of the day, 
do that over a couple of weeks and what we've found in the past, 
we actually get the flying foxes to leave the gardens and go somewhere else."
The grey-headed flying-fox is Australia's largest bat. 
It cruises around at night using its eyes and a powerful sense of 
smell to search for fruit and flowers. 
Officials at the Royal Botanic Gardens in Sydney have said they're optimistic 
the unwelcome colony can be uprooted. 
If and when the bats do move to other parts of the city they 
will of course then become someone else's problem.

The Nissan Navara is marketed as a rough and tough off-road vehicle. 
Sometimes used for transporting goods or equipment, 
it's increasingly popular as a recreational car.
But the Euro NCAP test revealed its airbags opened too slowly and seatbelts 
didn't provide enough protection during a collision. The body shell 
of the vehicle wasn't strong enough, and the foot well deformed on impact, 
putting the driver at risk of injuries from the foot pedals. 
Another pickup truck, the Isuzu Dmax, also scored poorly with just two stars.
Nissan said the problem with the airbags only affected 2008 models of the Navara. 
It's inviting owners to have their airbag settings changed, and Euro 
NCAP to publish test results for the modified vehicle.

The scale of the obesity epidemic is such that the world needs 
a global pact on the best ways to tackle it. 
At present, according to Professor Philip James, an expert on nutrition, 
obese children outnumber the malnourished by two to one. 
This worldwide weight gain is sparking a marked rise in some diseases - 
the number of people with type two diabetes is expected to double to 
366 million by 2030.
According to Professor James, there is no point in blaming individuals 
for being overweight - we need real political leadership to change the 
environment that is rapidly making the world fat. 
The fat content of food needs to be labelled clearly, advertisers must be 
prevented from targeting children and governments must encourage people 
to get out of their cars.
Professor James also said that new data from Scandinavia indicates 
that the weight of a child at the age of 7 to12 predicts whether or not 
they are going to die early from heart disease or other problems.

Except for the purists who walk all the way in from the nearest 
road-head, most visitors' first experience of Nepal's spectacular Everest 
region is the airstrip at Lukla. 
It's a dramatic introduction, as the plane has to drop down almost vertically 
between the mountains and then lands on a runway which slopes steeply upwards.
It was actually the New Zealand joint first conqueror of Everest Sir Edmund 
Hillary, who died a month ago, who inspired the building of the 
airstrip in the 1960s. 
And it's been a motor for the development of health, education and tourism in the area.
Now Nepal's tourism minister, Prithvi Subba Gurung, says it will henceforth 
be known as Tenzing Hillary Airport, also commemorating Hillary's climbing partner, 
the Nepalese Sherpa Tenzing Norgay, who died in 1986. 
As much as anything it's a tribute to the friendship between the two men and their families, 
which remained strong, with Sir Edmund visiting Nepal regularly until the end of his life.

The Maharishi's promises of better health and spiritual enlightenment 
struck a chord with many celebrities. 
The Beatles were spending a weekend with him in north Wales, when their manager, 
Brian Epstein, killed himself in 1967. John, Paul and Ringo soon tired of his message, 
while George Harrison switched to the Hare Krishna movement, but the Maharishi's 
business empire spread from Delhi to America.
His vast home in the Netherlands became a tourist attraction and transmitted 
courses on meditation via a global cable channel. British and European elections 
in the 90s were brightened by the yogic-flying candidates of the Natural Law Party, 
closely allied to the Maharishi's beliefs.
His movement, officially non-profit-making, is said to be worth at least two billion pounds. 
Any questions to the guru about the contradictions of his lifestyle 
brought a simple answer: "Just be yourself".

It was a tense standoff that lasted more than twenty four hours - 
this quiet farming town suddenly at the centre of what many described simply as a nightmare. 
It began when four gunmen entered the bank intending to make a quick getaway. 
When they spotted a police patrol, they panicked and so began the siege - 
more than thirty people held hostage.
As the hold-up continued, some managed to make calls and send texts to friends and relatives. 
Others stuck hastily written notes in the windows pleading for help. 
The gunmen were demanding money and a guaranteed escape.
At first authorities refused but finally a deal was struck and the robbers 
fled the building in an ambulance, taking with them five hostages. 
The others were then able to leave. 
They emerged looking emotional, clearly relieved to be free.
But the drama was not yet over. Police had promised the gunmen that they wouldn't 
be followed but several hours later they were stopped on a highway and surrounded. 
The men released their remaining captives, threw down their weapons and surrendered; 
a tense ordeal ending without a shot.

Cooking was once regarded as an integral part of education in England - 
even if it was mainly aimed at girls. In recent decades cooking has progressively 
become a peripheral activity in schools. 
In many cases the schools themselves have given up cooking meals in kitchens on the premises. 
But the rising level of obesity, has led to a rethink about the food that children 
are given and the skills they should be taught. Ed Balls is the minister in charge of schools.
"What I want is for young people to be taught how to do basic, simple recipes like 
a tomato sauce, a bolognaise, a simple curry, a stir-fry - which they can use then 
at home and in their later life, experiment with, discover the joy of food, 
having got the basics under control."
The new lessons are due to start in September but some schools without kitchens will 
be given longer to adapt. 
There is also likely to be a shortage of teachers with the right skills, 
since the trend has been to teach food technology rather than practical cooking. 
Also the compulsory lessons for hands on cooking will only be one hour a week for one term. 
But the well known cookery writer, Pru Leith, believes it will be worth it.
"If we'd done this thirty years ago we might not have the crisis we've got now about 
obesity and lack of knowledge about food and so on. Every child should know how to cook, 
not just so that they'll be healthy, but because it's a life skill which is a real 
pleasure and we deny children that pleasure."
The renewed interest in cooking is primarily a response to the level of obesity in 
Britain which is amongst the highest in Europe, and according to government figures 
half of all Britons will be obese in 25 years if current trends are not halted.

"Not in my backyard" is becoming the motto for millions of Italians being asked 
to accept unwanted trash from Naples. 
Every merchant ship that docks at ports in Sicily and Sardinia after sailing 
from the mainland is being scrutinised to see if it is attempting to land some of the 
accumulated rubbish from the Naples area that the Italian authorities are trying to clear.
Up to two hundred thousand tons of stinking household trash is being bulldozed by the army 
and loaded onto cargo ships and freight trains to destinations in various parts of Italy. 
Local landfills around Naples are all full.
In Sicily and Sardinia several protesters have been injured in scuffles with 
the police after ships docked with Neapolitan waste. Two men were arrested 
on charges of planning to hurl firebombs against the residence of the head 
of Sardinia's local regional government, Renato Soru.
The government in Rome has asked regional authorities all over the country to accept 
some of this huge accumulation of waste that Neapolitans fear is now a health hazard. 
A former police chief and an army general are in charge of operations to 
clean up the port city. 
Meanwhile, former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has added his voice to those 
criticising the authorities for allowing the rubbish crisis to get out of hand. 
He said Italy's image abroad had been seriously damaged.

Harbin is one of China's coldest cities. 
In winter, temperatures can drop as low as minus 35 degrees centigrade. 
Despite this harsh climate, the city has turned itself into a popular winter 
tourist destination. 
Visitors arrive from across Asia to experience the cold - and see the city's ice sculptures. 
Animals, people, even famous buildings are turned into intricate sculptures 
that are lit up at night.
But, there's a problem - winters just aren't as cold as they used to be. 
Last year, Harbin had its warmest year since records began. 
And that means the city's famous ice sculptures are melting earlier.
The ice festival traditionally lasts until the end of February. 
But this year, there are fears the ice will have melted long before then. 
And this is not just a worry for environmentalists. 
Harbin's ice festival is the city's biggest source of income. 
If the ice goes, so do the tourists.

Here in the Point du Jour bar in the town of Cosne sur Loire in Burgundy 
the tobacco ban has, shall we say, not quite yet come into effect. 
There's a group of four or five men beside me here at the counter and 
they're all busy puffing away. 
Have no fear though, this does not mean that the ban is without teeth. 
The fact is that the government has given a twenty-four hour reprieve 
for people to bring in the New Year. 
And from tomorrow, everyone here concedes they will be respecting the law. 
If they want a "cloppe" or a fag, it'll be outside on the pavement or in their cars.
It's in places like this deep in the heart of the French countryside that resistance 
to the smoking ban has been at its strongest. 
People see it here as an affront to personal liberty and as a threat to 
a traditional way of life centred on the village café. 
But the fines are large, the government says it means business.
And so from tomorrow here at the Point du Jour bar as across the rest of France, 
the morning coffee and cigarette will be a thing of the past.

A spokesman for the Russian foreign ministry said all fifteen regional offices 
of the British Council would have to suspend their activities from next month. 
These include the new office in St Petersburg opened by Tony Blair last year. 
Only the headquarters in Moscow will be allowed to continue operating.
The Russian government has given a whole raft of reasons, including that the British Council 
has no legal basis for its work in the country and that it has violated tax laws. 
But the Council says it's fully compliant with all tax requirements and says it 
operates in Russia on the basis of an agreement signed in the 1990s.
It seems the real reason for this action is Russia's continuing anger at the expulsion 
of its diplomats from London last July over the Litvinenko affair. 
Now relations between Moscow and London are about to take yet another turn for the worse.

This ground-breaking concert was no doubt the result of delicate negotiations. 
All music performances in Iran have to be approved by the Ministry of Islamic 
guidance which vets the lyrics and even disapproves sometimes of the style of 
the music if it's seen as too western or decadent.
Despite those restrictions, over the last few years Iranian pop music has 
become more and more westernised. 
In a taxi you'll often hear house or rap music with lyrics in Farsi. 
There are still no music videos - dancing is completely banned - 
and western groups are rarely if ever heard on radio or TV.
Chris de Burgh is due to play alongside the Iranian band Arian, 
one of the first pop groups in Iran to include women in the line-up, 
though women are still not allowed to perform as solo singers. 
According to Arian's manager, Chris de Burgh and Arian have already 
worked together to record a "song for peace". 
The manager said the song was intended to reflect the peace-seeking 
spirit of the Iranian people to the world.

If the world were changed by words, it would have shifted today. 
One head of state after another took to the podium demanding urgent cuts in 
greenhouse gas emissions and better protection of the rainforests which help 
to regulate the climate. 
They all stressed the need for this meeting to agree an ambitious agenda for 
the next two years' negotiations over a new deal on climate change.
The meeting appeared to have two new heroes and one old villain. 
Kevin Rudd, Australia's recently elected prime minister, won applause after signing 
the Kyoto Protocol with a flourish. 
Previously Australia has been allied with the United States in refusing to sign. 
Indonesia's president was interrupted by clapping after he broke diplomatic 
protocol to challenge America by name.
The United States says it is leading on climate change but its climate chief told 
the BBC that he couldn't see the day when the US would manage even to stop the growth 
in its emissions, let alone make the huge emissions cuts that scientists 
are demanding from it by 2015.

The hammer price on this unique piece of motoring history more than doubled 
the previous record paid for a veteran car. 
But for that price, the new owner not only gets a motoring icon, but one that still works.
A motoring expert at the Bonhams auction house, where the car was sold, said 
it was still very driveable, tootling along almost silently - 
as you'd expect a Rolls Royce to do, with its ten horsepower motor pushing it to 
a top speed of around sixty-four kilometres per hour.
It was only the fourth vehicle to be made at the Rolls-Royce factory in Manchester 
in the north of England, and it was developed originally as a doctor's car, 
with three of its previous six owners being doctors. It's understood the car, 
which has in recent years completed the celebrated London to Brighton run, 
will remain in Britain.

Around 2.4 million people in Europe and Central Asia are living with HIV, 
roughly 760, 000 of them within the European Union. 
What's concerning health professionals is that new infections are on the increase, 
and the number of children and adults living with the disease 
has doubled in the past six years.
Even more worrying, at least half these people don't know they're infected. 
In some countries as many as 70 percent don't realise they are HIV positive. 
And these people are much more likely to transmit the disease than 
those who have been diagnosed.
So a Brussels conference of more than 300 health workers from across Europe 
and Central Asia has called for much wider testing for HIV, trying to reach 
those who don't know they're infected. 
The experts warn that late diagnosis of HIV is causing unnecessary deaths from 
an illness that can now be treated and held at bay if caught early enough.

The fallout was never going to be pretty but the Chancellor of the Exchequer, 
Alistair Darling, has been savaged in the British press. 
The sheer scale of the security breach - affecting millions of families - 
has made it a huge public issue. 
Despite reassurances from Mr Darling that people's personal details are not 
in the hands of fraudsters and that a police investigation is underway, 
there are still serious questions about how this could have happened.
The personal position of the Chancellor may not be under immediate threat; 
the opposition parties have not called directly for his resignation. 
But if it emerges that the information has been used for illegal purposes, 
that situation could rapidly change. 
More worrying perhaps is the wider issue of the economic competence 
of the government, particularly after events at the mortgage-provider, 
Northern Rock, which has been kept afloat only with huge emergency 
loans from the Bank of England.
The fate of the missing data could also influence the debate 
over the introduction of identity cards in Britain. 
One minister said privately, "it would almost be impossible for the scheme to survive".

The state owned Yang Bay farm in central Vietnam was home to around 
five-thousand crocodiles, until flash floods destroyed their cages at the weekend. 
The authorities don't know exactly how many of the reptiles escaped but 
they believe several hundred are on the loose.
Soldiers, forest rangers and villagers have been trying to track them down. 
Only eight crocodiles have been recaptured so far and three more shot dead. 
The first to be killed weighed two-hundred kilograms and took eight 
people to carry it away. 
Many of the escaped crocodiles are thought to have taken up residence in a nearby lake, 
and officials have warned people to be extremely careful and not to go swimming.
Crocodiles are farmed in Vietnam for meat and their skin which is still used to make handbags. 
The manager of the farm says he fears some local people will try 
to catch them so they can sell the leather. The floods - caused by a series of typhoons - 
have caused widespread damage in northern and central Vietnam, 
killing around two-hundred people since the start of October.

After talking with studio negotiators for almost twelve hours, union officials said 
no settlement had been reached and the strike would go ahead. 
Picket lines will be set up outside all the main Hollywood studios. 
The union's twelve thousand members are being told to stop working 
on all their writing projects.
The Writers' Guild is demanding a greater share of the profits from TV 
shows sold on DVD, as well as those that can be downloaded on the internet 
and seen on mobile phones.
In the United States the first casualties are likely to be the late night chat shows. 
Without the writers, the comedians won't have any jokes to tell. 
The TV networks have stockpiled episodes of popular dramas and comedies, 
like Desperate Housewives and Ugly Betty, but if the dispute drags on they're likely 
to show more repeats or turn to reality television.
The strike is expected to have a ripple effect throughout Los Angeles, with businesses 
that rely on the entertainment industry being hit hard. One estimate puts 
the potential cost to the city at a billion dollars.

Britney Spears can spend two afternoons and one full night with her two young sons, 
but the visits will be monitored and she has to meet several conditions imposed by the court. 
As well as undergoing drug and alcohol tests, the singer has been told to child-proof 
her house and to ensure the children are in car seats when they are being driven.
The court ruling refers to a report written by a parenting coach. 
It concludes that the singer loves her sons and that they are bonded to her, 
but the home environment ranged from chaotic to almost sombre, 
with little communication at all.
Kevin Federline was given full custody of the children earlier this month.

The five million dollar prize financed by the African businessman Mo Ibrahim 
is designed to encourage better leadership on a continent where until recently 
dictators were almost the norm.
The former leader of Mozambique, Joaquim Chissano, won the award because 
he steered his country out of civil war and oversaw the introduction of multi-party democracy. 
Mozambique, which is sandwiched between South Africa and the Indian Ocean, also 
played a key role in the downfall of the white supremacist apartheid regime in South Africa.
Mr Chissano wasn't at the ceremony in London where the prize was announced, 
but I met him in Mozambique a few weeks ago. 
When I asked him what he would do with five million dollars, he laughed and said, 
"I wouldn't be shy, I would live better and also help those around me."

This is one of the most astonishing publishing ventures ever. 
Even with a cover price of over eight thousand dollars, 
the facsimile edition of the minutes of the trial of the Knights Templar 
is already a financial success. 
Libraries and collectors from around the world have reserved most of 
the eight hundred copies of the parchment documents and an accompanying book 
which are going on sale soon.
The parchment tells in mediaeval Latin how the legendary Crusader Knights - 
who still fascinate contemporary writers of popular fiction - 
were tried for heresy by the Inquisition and found not guilty.
The Christian military order - who called themselves the Poor Fellow Soldiers 
of Christ and of the Temple of Solomon - protected Christian pilgrims visiting 
the Holy Land from the beginning of the Crusades. 
But after the recapture of Jerusalem by Muslims and military defeats of Crusader 
armies two centuries later, the knights fell on hard times. 
To answer accusations of heresy because of alleged secret initiation ceremonies 
and other crimes, Pope Clement ordered a trial and it’s the record of these proceedings - 
which partially rehabilitated the Knights - 
that are now being published in this expensive luxury edition.

It's not mice that scare elephants but creatures much much smaller.
This is the gentle buzz of bees in the English countryside but the angry buzz 
of their fiercer cousins in Kenya is such that it terrifies the giant beasts.
Lucy King, a zoologist who led a study by Save the Elephant group, says that nearly 
all the elephants exposed to a recording of bees immediately ran away, 
in contrast to those who heard a recording of background static. 
With the bees, they stopped what they were doing, turned to the speaker from where 
the buzzing was coming and turned their heads from side to side trying to locate the noise. 
Their trunks were all up in the air until one of them signalled a retreat and they all fled.
Lucy King says angry residents in Kenya have been known to shoot at elephants 
when they trample their crops. 
Building electric fences wasn't practical so her group decided to test 
a Kenyan folktale about bees to save the elephants instead.

The second day of this rare three-day meeting of the two Korean leaders has been 
set aside for the main negotiations, but very little information has been released 
about exactly what President Roh Moo-hyun and Chairman Kim Jong-il will be talking about. 
It's thought the two leaders may discuss some contentious military issues - 
the location of the sea boundary between their two countries for example, 
and proposals to strengthen economic ties.
Meanwhile, the body language between the two leaders during their public walkabout 
in Pyongyang is being heavily scrutinised, with some commentators suggesting Kim Jong-il's 
frosty demeanour conveyed a lack of enthusiasm and sincerity. 
The South Korean government has responded, saying it is receiving 
a wholehearted and appropriate welcome.

Soaring cereal prices have prompted this move, reversing a policy of more 
than a decade's standing. 
Poor harvests and strong demand have increased the price of maize 
by fifty percent and the price of wheat by almost eighty percent.
So the European Commission is asking agriculture ministers to scrap the set-aside rule, 
a policy which forced and compensated farmers to leave ten percent of their land fallow.
Set aside both cuts production and leads to environmental benefits, 
wildlife flourishes in the uncultivated land. But the European Commission believes 
that scrapping the rule for the coming year could boost production 
by at least ten million tonnes of grain and will have an impact on prices.

After almost seven days of deliberations, the jury sent the judge 
a note saying they were at an impasse. 
The foreman said they were split seven-five, but he did not indicate whether 
that was for or against a guilty verdict. 
For now, the judge has ruled out the possibility of a mistrial and sent the jury home.
They've been ordered to return to court in the morning when the judge will re-read 
some of the legal instructions they were given as guidelines for their deliberations. 
Some of the jurors said that may help them reach a verdict.
In the meantime, the judge has told the lawyers he's thinking of 
offering the jury the option of considering the lesser offence of manslaughter. 
That would require the jury to return to the courtroom to hear 
more arguments from the lawyers.

Many countries around the world are trying to reduce their dependence on oil 
by emulating Brazil where bio ethanol provides about 30% of automobile fuel. 
But the process of making bio ethanol by fermenting sugar cane is time-consuming, 
inefficient and expensive.
Now a team of researchers at Brazil's State University of Campinas say they have found 
a way of improving the production process by using extremely low frequency magnetic waves. 
The team attached two electromagnetic generators to a vat 
containing a mixture of yeast and sugar cane. 
They found that the production of ethanol increased by 17% and it speeded up 
the time required to produce the fuel by two hours.
The scientists involved are unsure as to how exactly the process works 
but they believe that the magnets stimulate the yeast and make it work faster and more intensely. 
They believe their discovery can be easily implemented at an industrial scale.

Virtual worlds are still a little known part of the internet. 
In them, real humans are shown as digital versions of themselves known as avatars. 
They build homes and businesses, buy and sell land and have relationships - 
all through the medium of the computer.
Second Life is the biggest and best-known virtual world but for all the hype, 
generally no more than one-million people log on in any given month. 
But in an interview with the BBC, Second Life founder Philip Rosedale has predicted 
that as technology improves, that will change:
"Our challenge is to scale this from nine-million people registered and a couple 
of hundred thousand people a day using it to hundreds of millions of people 
routinely using it, which I think it can and will reach."
Speaking by his avatar, Philip Rosedale compared the current state of virtual worlds 
to the stage the internet was at in the early nineties. 
Real world businesses are currently expanding into virtual worlds not only 
as marketing tools but as recruiting sites. 
Multi-national companies, such as IBM and PA Consulting, 
now regularly hold client meetings there.
But the technology behind virtual worlds is still a long way off being ready for mass use. 
Currently no more than fifty avatars can gather in one place without freezing 
the computer programme, and performing basic functions, such as changing your appearance, 
requires technical expertise well beyond the ability of most everyday PC users.

The nine foot bronze shows Nelson Mandela standing and gesturing, as if making a speech. 
The idea for the monument was initiated by the anti-apartheid activist, Donald Woods. 
He chose the sculptor Ian Walters who began the work six years ago. 
Sadly, neither man lived to see today's ceremony.
The statue's fate has been dogged by arguments over where it should go, 
as well as its artistic merit. 
The Mayor of London, Ken Livingstone, had wanted it to stand on 
the north side of Trafalgar Square. 
But in 2005 Westminster Council refused permission, saying it would clutter 
the space needed for large events. 
It was finally agreed it should face the Houses of Parliament and stand alongside 
other great leaders, such as Winston Churchill, Benjamin Disraeli and Abraham Lincoln.
Gordon Brown will attend the unveiling. 
Yesterday he described Mr Mandela as "the most inspiring, the greatest and 
the most courageous leader of our generation".

London's skyline is upwardly mobile. Work is about to begin near the Thames 
on a building called the Shard, a spire of steel and glass that will literally skewer 
the skyline rising 310 meters. 
By some measures the sky piercing spike will be the tallest building in Europe, 
a mark of London's growing confidence according to the developer Barry Ossle:
"To make London compete at the highest level, one needs modern architecture, 
new buildings, iconic buildings".
For him big can be beautiful. 
The dome of St Paul's Cathedral still stands out above its neighbours - 
it's a protected view - but in the heart of the financial district, 
what Londoners call the City, there's a reach for the sky that will see 9 or 10 new high 
rise buildings shoot-up in the coming years, with a similar number again to supplement 
the existing towers of the downstream business development known as Docklands.
But tall buildings don't suit all tastes. 
UNESCO recently warned that the 1,000 year old Tower of London - the Thames-side home 
to the crown jewels and a key London landmark - was at risk of losing its 
World Heritage Status as new buildings muscled in. 
Love them or loath them, there is confidence in buckets here and the 
new buildings symbolise it. 
London will never look like Manhattan and on a global scale its buildings 
may be puny but it is striding into a new era, whilst trying not to forget its past.

The leader of the Scottish National Party, Alex Salmond, 
has long advocated independence but is also realistic. 
He holds the reins of power as First Minister in the Scottish parliament, 
but his party does not have a majority. 
So he can use his position to advocate major constitutional changes in the knowledge 
that the most radical proposals won't be accepted. 
Mr Salmond's strategy is to start, what he calls, a "national conversation".
"Divergent views are the very essence of democracy; robust debate is 
part of what makes us Scottish. 
The exchanges, the premises and the debate must be passionate - 
how else could it be in Scotland? 
But let these contributions be based on fact, reason, logic, rather than smears, 
allegations or misinformation. 
Scotland deserves no less."
From Mr Salmond's point of view this strategy rather neatly provides 
his opponents with a dilemma. 
The three main opposition parties all oppose independence, but they don't want to 
boycott a debate and there is support for some of the plans to increase 
the powers of the Scottish parliament which would form part of the discussions. 
Also, some of the SNP's opponents favour holding a referendum now when the opinion 
polls suggest support for independence is between thirty and forty per cent. 
A defeat for independence, they argue, would kill off the debate for a generation.

There is every likelihood that the Yangtze river dolphin is extinct, 
according to the Zoological Society of London. 
The society participated in an international survey which examined over 1,500 kilometres 
of the river last year and failed to find a single baiji dolphin. 
Back in the late 1990s a similar survey found thirteen live dolphins. 
In the 1950s their population numbered in the thousands.
China's rapid modernisation is blamed for the dolphin's demise. 
Industrial pollution, heavy river traffic and the construction of the Three Gorges 
dam are thought to have killed many.
However, the World Conservation Union says that an animal can only be declared extinct 
if it hasn't been found in the wild for fifty years. 
The last confirmed sighting of the baiji dolphin was five years ago, 
although there have been unconfirmed sightings since then.
But even if a number of the dolphins have survived, they and other freshwater animals, 
like the Yangtze finless porpoise, are in serious danger of disappearing forever.

There's nothing quite as humbling as having to take fresh driving lessons when 
you've been a Formula One Champion three times. 
But Nelson Piquet and his wife Viviane were obliged to take the driving awareness 
course because of repeated speeding and parking offences.
The couple must attend a week of lessons to learn good and safe driving conduct 
and then pass an exam. 
The classes in the Brazilian capital, Brasilia, will cover careful driving, 
first aid and rules of the road. 
Piquet acknowledged that everyone had to learn from their mistakes. 
"I got tickets for all kinds of reasons, including parking where I shouldn't", 
he told the Brazilian media. 
The former racing champion said he and his wife would make good use of the course.
Piquet, one of the best known racing drivers to come from Brazil, 
has reportedly often been seen driving at speed around the streets 
of Brasilia in high performance cars.

At a colourful and impressive ceremony in the Indian parliament, Pratibha Patil 
was sworn in as India's thirteenth president by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, 
the first woman to assume the post. 
Earlier she received a guard of honour and was driven to parliament in 
a ceremonial procession accompanied by soldiers mounted on horses.
Speaking to the dignitaries gathered before her, President Patil paid tributes to those 
who had fought for her country's independence and said that India's democracy was 
a symbol of hope for the rest of the world. 
As president her role will be largely ceremonial; real power rests with the Prime Minister - 
although Mrs Patil will be commander-in-chief of one of the world's largest armed forces.
She was a surprise choice for the top job. 
Her critics say she lacks political stature and she courted controversy when 
she suggested that Indian women were forced to wear the veil to protect themselves 
from Muslim invaders - comments she was later forced to retract. 
But her supporters say she will be a role model for millions of Indian women 
who still face widespread discrimination.

Respect for the wisdom of elders is a deeply embedded African tradition and 
it is a concept that seems to be at the heart of this latest initiative to bring together 
some of the world's highest profile retirees.
Arguably, the world's most respected elder statesman, Nelson Mandela, is to mark his eighty 
ninth birthday by introducing the elite group of international leaders. 
The idea originated with British entrepreneur Richard Branson and musician, Peter Gabriel,
who wanted to create a world council of elders to take on big issues such as AIDS 
and global warming.
According to a statement from the organisers, the group will contribute their wisdom, 
independent leadership and integrity in addressing some of the world's toughest problems. 
It is a big idea with powerful people behind it.
Although it's not yet clear who will serve on the council, among those attending the launch 
will be South Africa's retired Anglican archbishop, Desmond Tutu, former 
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan, the former US president Jimmy Carter and the former 
president of Ireland, Mary Robinson.
There is no shortage of moral authority there but the former leaders have also long since 
left the real levers of power behind them.

The seven wonders chosen in a global poll in which a hundred-million votes were 
said to have been cast online, by phone and by text message were announced one by one in 
random order towards the end of a glitzy ceremony in Lisbon.
First came the Great Wall of China, said to be the only monument visible from space. 
Its certificate was handed over to Chinese officials by Neil Armstrong, 
the first man on the moon. 
Next up was Petra, the stone-carved ancient city in Jordan, whose royal family led 
a campaign for it. 
Rio de Janeiro's Statue of Christ the Redeemer also made the cut after 
an appeal by Brazil's president for his compatriots to vote. 
There were two other winners from the Americas - Machu Picchu in Peru and Chichen Itza 
in Mexico - representatives of ancient civilisations unknown to Antipater of Sidon, 
the Greek writer who drew up the original list of wonders two-thousand-two-hundred years ago. 
The last two wonders were Rome's Colosseum, described in its introduction 
as a symbol of joy and suffering, and the Taj Mahal. 
That was announced by Bollywood star Bipasha Basu who, along with Oscar-winning actors 
Ben Kingsley and Hilary Swank presented the ceremony.
The Pyramids at Giza, the only wonder on the original list still standing, 
had been made an honorary candidate, guaranteed a mention. 
But Egyptian officials shunned the whole initiative anyway as too commercial. 
At the ceremony's close, its Swiss organiser, Bernard Weber, announced his next initiative - 
a global poll on the seven natural wonders of the world.

The seven wonders chosen in a global poll in which a hundred-million votes 
were said to have been cast online, by phone and by text message were announced one by one 
in random order towards the end of a glitzy ceremony in Lisbon.
First came the Great Wall of China, said to be the only monument visible from space. 
Its certificate was handed over to Chinese officials by Neil Armstrong, the first man on the moon. 
Next up was Petra, the stone-carved ancient city in Jordan, 
whose royal family led a campaign for it. 
Rio de Janeiro's Statue of Christ the Redeemer also made the cut after an appeal 
by Brazil's president for his compatriots to vote. 
There were two other winners from the Americas - Machu Picchu in Peru and 
Chichen Itza in Mexico - representatives of ancient civilisations unknown to 
Antipater of Sidon, the Greek writer who drew up the original list of wonders 
two-thousand-two-hundred years ago. 
The last two wonders were Rome's Colosseum, described in its introduction as 
a symbol of joy and suffering, and the Taj Mahal. 
That was announced by Bollywood star Bipasha Basu who, 
along with Oscar-winning actors Ben Kingsley and Hilary Swank presented the ceremony.
The Pyramids at Giza, the only wonder on the original list still standing, 
had been made an honorary candidate, guaranteed a mention. 
But Egyptian officials shunned the whole initiative anyway as too commercial. 
At the ceremony's close, its Swiss organiser, Bernard Weber, announced his 
next initiative - a global poll on the seven natural wonders of the world.

At last, the moment family, friends and colleagues have been anxiously waiting for. 
After weeks of rumour, speculation and concern at the lack of concrete information 
Alan Johnston is finally free.
His disappearance on March 12th was widely condemned. Week after week, 
Palestinian journalists held protests on Alan's behalf. 
At one point they even went on strike, urging their government to do more to secure his release. 
And journalists elsewhere also drew attention to Alan's plight. 
There were vigils in Beijing, in Jakarta, in Brussels and in London. 
At the BBC offices in London, colleagues gathered every Monday to mark 
the exact moment Alan disappeared. 
A huge poster of him was unveiled in one of the city's main squares. 
More than sixty-five thousand people worldwide signed an online 
petition calling for him to be freed. 
And appeals were made at the highest levels.
It is, said Alan Johnston, the most fantastic thing to be free. 
His captivity had been an appalling experience, he said. 
He didn't know when it was going to end. 
He had literally dreamt about being released, but had woken up back 
in the room where he had been held.
In typical fashion, Alan Johnston expressed regret and gratitude. 
Regret that he'd put his parents on the west coast of Scotland through such destruction 
and gratitude at the level of support he'd received from people across the world. 
Alan described himself as extraordinarily fortunate. 
His ordeal of nearly four months is over.

It's not the first time Japanese textbooks have been criticised for revising history. 
China has frequently accused Japan of glossing over wartime atrocities. 
But now education ministry officials are coming under fire from their own countrymen.
The dispute is over the events of the Battle of Okinawa in 1945. 
In March the ministry decided to tone down references to Japanese soldiers forcing 
civilians on the island to commit suicide, rather than surrender to American forces. 
It argued that the suicides were voluntary.
The local assembly in Okinawa has now issued a statement saying that's not so. 
Eye-witnesses at the time described fanatical soldiers handing out grenades 
with which people killed themselves. 
The assembly said it was an undeniable fact that the Japanese military were 
involved in the mass suicides, and that the truth should remain in print as a warning, 
to prevent a repeat of such tragic events. 
Some two-hundred thousand people died when American marines stormed Okinawa in 1945.

This election will see Papua New Guinea's biggest ever police operation. 
Thousands of officers will be deployed across the country. 
They'll be supported by the army.
Special attention is being paid to the Highlands region. 
The first contingent of troops arrived in Mount Hagen, the capital of the 
Western Highlands Province, over the weekend. 
Their job is to stop a repeat of the chaos that blighted the last election in 2002. 
Many seats were declared invalid because of violence, intimidation and electoral fraud. 
About 25 people were killed. 
Aircraft carrying ballot boxes were shot at amid allegations of corruption and vote rigging.
Signs of tension ahead of this election have started to emerge. 
Rival factions have clashed in Mount Hagen, leaving several people with knife and axe wounds. 
The Prime Minister Sir Michael Somare has, however, 
said he's confident the vote will be free and fair. 
Almost 3,000 candidates are contesting 109 seats in Papua New Guinea's parliament. 
The South Pacific country goes to the polls at the end of this month.

Julie Wall, a cashier in eastern England, had eight thousand of them - practically 
every song the legendary star ever released. 
Such was her obsession for collecting any memorabilia of her heart throb, 
that she stole about a million dollars from her employer, North Kesteven District Council, 
to fund her habit. 
Tracy Phillipson is the head of finance: "Well, we're very shocked. 
Everybody knew that Julie was an Elvis fan. 
We had no idea it was to this extent".
An internal audit led to Julie Wall's downfall and her vast collection has now been auctioned 
to pay back some of what she owes. 
The auctioneer, James Lewis, said the collection could be a record breaker: 
"It has just been absolutely incredible. 
We've had hundreds of people on the phone. 
We've had interest in Japan, from America, from all over Europe, all over the UK. 
The interest is phenomenal. 
I've been an auctioneer and valuer for over twenty years and this is the biggest collection 
of records I think, well, definitely that I've ever handled, but we think it is the biggest 
private collection of Elvis ever to come on the market, ever".
As for Julie Wall herself, she's been declared bankrupt and is currently 
serving three years in jail for theft. 
But unlike the King of Rock and Roll, it's doubtful there'll be a party for her.

The powerful storm which has hit the south-eastern coast of Oman is bringing both 
strong winds and waves of up to twelve metres high. 
It was widely predicted and the Omani government had taken the precaution 
of evacuating low-lying areas. 
On the mainland, this south-eastern facing shore is sparsely populated. 
Further north, in the coastal capital of Muscat, people have been advised 
to stay indoors and to switch off their power. 
Schools have been designated as emergency shelters and the main Seeb international airport, 
west of Muscat, is closed.
Forecasts of the storm saw concern and a price rise in oil markets earlier in the week 
but these fell back on Tuesday. 
Oman's oil output is not as high as some of its neighbours and analysts say 
there would be more market volatility if the serious effects of the storm were expected in Iran. 
By the time the storm gets to south-eastern Iran, as predicted, 
it's forecast to be a lower level storm with heavy rains and strong winds.
There's been some suggestion the cyclone could disrupt oil tanker traffic 
in the Strait of Hormuz, the narrow waterway between the tip of the Arabian Peninsula and Iran. 
This storm is being described as the strongest to hit 
the Arabian Peninsula since records began in 1945.

Beverly Hills is one of the richest cities in America. 
It attracts tourists from around the world and is home to many expensive hotels and restaurants.
The Governor of California, Arnold Schwarzenegger, and his friend, the actor Sylvester Stallone, 
have been known to enjoy a cigar on the patio of a local cafe. 
But such behaviour will be banned from October after Beverly Hills city council voted 
to create smoke-free areas outside restaurants. 
People will be able to smoke in sectioned-off areas around hotel swimming pools.
Opponents say the ban will prompt smokers to eat in nearby Los Angeles, 
which still allows people to light up if they're outdoors. 
But the American Heart Foundation has congratulated Beverly Hills for protecting diners 
from second-hand smoke. 
The council says it plans to look at the impact of the new law after three months.
In 1998 California became the first US state to introduce 
a complete smoking ban inside public buildings.

The firm, Mars, had said it would change the whey used in some of its products 
from a vegetarian source to one with traces of the animal enzyme, rennet. 
Rennet is extracted from calves' stomachs and was to have been used by the parent company, 
Masterfoods, in all its ice cream versions of the chocolate bars too.
The Vegetarian Society organised a campaign against the move, asking members 
to voice their concerns to Masterfoods. 
And in just one week, more than 6,000 people bombarded the company 
with phone and e-mail complaints. 
Forty MPs also signed a petition to voice their opposition.
Fiona Dawson, managing director of Mars UK, said the company had listened 
to customers and decided to reverse its decision.
Fiona Dawson:
We have received lots of contacts from people who enjoy our products…
It became very clear, very quickly, these people who love our products, actually, 
were very disappointed in our decision. 
So we realise we've made a mistake and we're terribly sorry about that and 
we've pulled out all the stops to reverse this and ensure that 
we can allow these people to continue to enjoy the brands that they love at Mars.
There are three million vegetarians in the UK but Mars upset a lot of their other consumers too. 
The Vegetarian Society had called the move by Mars "incomprehensible" and "a backward step". 
So for Liz O'Neill of the Vegetarian Society, victory was sweet indeed!
Liz O'Neill:
We are absolutely delighted that Mars Foods are celebrating National Vegetarian Week 
by admitting they've made a mistake. 
This is wonderful news.

The murder of Dorothy Stang caused an international outcry and the conviction of one of the 
men accused of ordering her killing will be welcomed by human rights groups in Brazil. 
Vitalmiro Bastos Moura had always denied being one of the organisers of the attack.
The man convicted in 2005 of actually shooting the American-born missionary gave evidence 
in court in support of that denial. 
But after a two-day hearing, Moura was found guilty and now faces thirty years in jail. 
The judge said Moura showed a violent personality, unsuited to living in society and 
that the killing was carried out in a violent and cowardly manner.
Dorothy Stang spent over twenty years of her life working for the rights of poor settlers, 
struggling against large landowners in the state of Para in the north of Brazil. 
She refused to leave, even after her name appeared on a death list.
In the last thirty years, more than a thousand rural workers and activists have been killed 
in land disputes in Brazil, seven hundred and seventy-two of those in Para. 
The convictions of those accused of ordering killings are rare. 
Outside the court, Dorothy Stang's brother welcomed the verdict and said 
he thought justice had been done. 
Another landowner accused of ordering the killing will go on trial later this year.

Thousands of troops had assembled on Red Square to mark what many in Russia 
consider the Soviet Union's greatest achievement - the defeat of Nazi Germany. 
Mr Putin used his speech to condemn those whom Russia accuses of insulting that memory.
He said there were those today who were trying to diminish what he called 
"this invaluable experience". 
He said they were desecrating monuments to war heroes. 
It was a clear reference to Estonia. 
Russia has reacted furiously to the recent relocation of a Soviet era war memorial in Tallinn.
Russia sees the Red Army as liberators from fascism. 
Many in Estonia see them as Soviet occupiers. 
A bitter diplomatic row continues. 
Mr Putin referred to this too, saying that those who he charged with belittling 
the Red Army's achievements were sowing discord and distrust between states and people.

Rosslyn Chapel was built in the fifteenth century. 
Tommy Mitchell and his son Stuart say that as well as elaborate symbols, and beautifully 
intricate morality tales, the medieval stone-masons concealed harmonies in the patterns 
carved onto cubes that jut out from the arches round the altar of this ancient church.
The words are from a hymn to St John the Baptist, but the claim is that every note 
of the tune has been transcribed and de-coded from the stones here. 
The Mitchells say their suspicions were aroused by an orchestra of stone angels 
holding instruments, and confirmed by one showing off what they believe is a sheet of music 
complete with a stave and three crucial notes, which proved they'd cracked the code.

The world's car-makers have turned up in droves at the Shanghai auto show. 
A generation ago there were only a million cars in all of China; now there are thirty three 
million and that number is expected to quadruple over the next fifteen years.
So auto manufacturers are expecting great things from China and 
none more so than luxury car-makers. 
Bentley, Lamborghini and Rolls Royce have all built extensive dealerships here. 
It was a market that didn't exist a few years ago, but the appearance of home 
grown millionaires and even billionaires has changed that. 
Bentley saw its sales in China double last year. 
Rolls Royce, with cars costing as much as two million dollars, 
has seen China become its third most important market after the United States and Britain. 
It plans to double the number of showrooms in China this year.
Beijing is uneasy about such ostentatious displays of wealth, especially as the gap between 
the rich and poor here continues to grow. 
A luxury tax on large cars was introduced last year. 
Coupled with import duties, it means a new Rolls or Bentley bought in China costs double 
what it would in the United States or Britain. 
But even that hasn't been enough to stop China's expanding numbers 
of super rich from buying the cars.

A kilogram of rhino horn powder fetches nearly forty thousand US dollars at 
Asia's contraband markets, because it's considered an aphrodisiac and used for local medicines.
Poaching of the rhinos at Kaziranga rose sharply in the early 1990s but then dropped 
as both the Indian army and the Assamese separatist rebels attacked 
the poachers and killed many of them. 
The separatists said they would not tolerate the decimation of what they described as Assam's 
national animal and the troops often mistook the poachers as linked to rebels and shot them.
But wildlife officials say poaching of the rhinos in Kaziranga is on the rise again. 
Five to ten rhinos are killed every year on average, mostly during Assam's devastating floods 
because they have to flee Kaziranga's low marshy lands to higher hills where they cannot be guarded. 
But in the last three months, six rhinos have been killed inside Kaziranga and 
their horns taken away with no rains around.
Wildlife warden, Utpal Bora, says they suspect that an international syndicate 
is operating in the area, equipped with the latest telescopic rifles and electric 
saws to take away the horns. 
Mr. Bora said that more armed guards equipped with better weapons, more vehicles, boats and elephants 
for movement and more watchtowers are needed at Kaziranga to stop the poachers from having a free run.
Kaziranga is Assam's major tourist attraction and a cruise down the majestic Brahmaputra river 
to the park is very popular with foreigners.

Faced with an increasingly competitive jobs market and frequent bad publicity over pay and conditions, 
the army is getting ever more sophisticated and corporate in its approach to recruitment.
Re-branded as one-army recruitment, the latest drive will, for the first time, combine recruiting 
to both the regular and territorial army. 
Efforts will also be made to attract more women and ethnic minorities by making 
recruitment, as one officer put it, more customer-focused.
Potential recruits will be encouraged to use an online tool to test their motivational 
profile and will be enticed by statistics claiming more than one thousand different jobs 
in the army across one hundred and forty different trades.
The army insists the drive is not a sign of desperation and that recruitment has been encouraging, 
with another increase in new soldiers last year, though overall, the armed forces remain undermanned.

O-type blood can be transfused safely into humans of any blood-type without medical risk - 
the problem is that it's not always readily available for those who desperately need blood. 
Now an international team of scientists believe they have found a way to convert A, B and AB 
blood types into O-type, making it safe to use in transfusions. 
Professor Martin Olsson of Lund University Hospital in Sweden is one of the report's authors.
Martin Olsson: 
That's what we're looking at - to get a unified blood supply that is not fragmented due 
to the different groups. 
The dream scenario as I see it is that all those blood units drawn from blood donors 
would be converted if they're not group-O from the start, so to speak. 
That is approximately half of all blood units.
Professor Olssen says the conversion technique would be cost-effective and would take about 
an hour at room temperatures. 
The process promises not only to increase the stock of blood available for transfusions but 
could also prevent the accidental transfusion of the wrong blood group into patients. 
Early-stage clinical trials are now underway.

There are vast posters of women with facial hair plastered all over Istanbul and other cities. 
Their slogan - "do you have to be a man to enter parliament?" 
There are just twenty-four women in the Turkish National Assembly now, 
a mere four-point-four percent of the total. 
The figure has never been much higher. 
The women's group running the poster campaign says that's because Turkey is still 
a very patriarchal society, a place where politics is seen as man's work and women 
are far less likely to have the funds needed to run for election.
Ideally the campaigners want positive discrimination to end that - the introduction of 
a legal quota for women MPs. 
But for this year's general election they're pressuring party leaders, all of them men, 
to change the way they draw up their party lists. 
Instead of putting a token handful of female candidates at the very bottom, 
campaigners want women in the top slots. 
They're hopeful that would ensure at least ten percent of MPs in 
the next parliament are women - not the full equality they're after but a start.
Parties traditionally see women candidates as a risk, especially in the less 
developed east of the country. 
But campaigners quote a recent poll that they say shows opinions are changing. 
It suggests more than eighty percent of Turks believe parliament would be 
a better place with more women there and it shows political parties could boost 
their share of the vote considerably if they only took the plunge.

Money from migrant workers now exceeds the combined total of all direct foreign 
investment and foreign aid to Latin America - sixty-two-point-three billion dollars. 
Twenty-three billion dollars of that was sent back to Mexico, mostly from workers 
living in the United States. 
It now ranks along with oil and tourism as Mexico's biggest foreign currency earner.
The Inter-American Development Bank, which supports the region with aid and other help, 
says the remittances, as they're known, will increase by about fifteen percent 
a year during the next four years, topping one-hundred billion dollars by 2010. 
The bank describes the money as a very effective poverty reduction programme because 
it keeps between eight and ten million families above the poverty line. 
But it says it also means the economies of the region are not generating enough jobs 
to keep workers from leaving in the first place.
Another problem is that as much of the money is sent back in small amounts, 
it's difficult to track. 
The average is between a hundred and a hundred-and-fifty dollars a month. 
That in turn makes it an unpredictable source of revenue for governments to tap into. 
The bank says it wants people to get away from what it calls cash to cash flows and 
into account to account transfers but the bank says the recent crackdown on illegal 
immigrants by the American authorities could hinder efforts to get migrants to use banks.

The monks at the Hong Hock See temple in Georgetown on Penang Island have 
had to learn to live with nature. 
Some years ago they shared their temple compound with a cobra. 
The chief monk, the Venerable Boon Keng, told the BBC that they'd become 
used to meditating alongside the snake but eventually decided to catch 
it and take it away to a nearby forest.
Now, he says, the cobra's place has been taken by a colony of fire ants, but the ants 
are dropping down from the temple's sacred bodhi tree onto people meditating below - 
and when they bite they cause painful swelling. 
The Venerable Boon Keng practices what he calls "letting go" meditation - 
so he "lets go" of the pain - but out of consideration for worshippers less far along 
the path to enlightenment the monks are looking for ways to persuade the ants to go.
An attempt to remove them using a vacuum cleaner failed - so the Buddhist 
community is appealing for help. 
They can't encourage anyone to harm the ants, but the chief monk says that 
if someone turns up unbidden and deals with them without the monks' involvement 
then that's the will of the universe. 
The monks will simply offer prayers for the ants' well-being.

In a major advance for the biotech industry a Californian company has won initial 
permission to grow a special rice implanted with genes found in human breast milk and saliva. 
It would be the first time a crop has been used to produce human proteins on a large scale.
The company, Ventria Bioscience, wants to extract the proteins to make a medicine 
for diarrhoea and possibly to add them to health foods. But consumer groups are furious. 
The US Centre for Food Safety's Bill Freece, claims there's a danger of contaminating 
other crops and possibly harming human health.
Bill Freece: I'm really concerned about this because I think there's one, 
the potential for this rice to get into the food supply and two, it hasn't been tested, 
it hasn't gone through a drug review process. 
So we're dealing with an unknown here, something that could cause harm to human health.
The company insist there's no risk of contamination because the crop will be planted in 
Kansas where no other rice crops are grown. But with controversy growing, 
the US Department of Agriculture has yet to give final approval and there are many bigger 
regulatory hurdles before the first food with human DNA can be sold to consumers.

President Castro had not appeared in a live broadcast since disappearing 
from the public eye last July - after he underwent emergency intestinal surgery. 
Since then, he's only been seen in still photographs and short pre-recorded video clips 
shown on Cuban state television - and most of those have also included 
the Venezuelan President, Hugo Chavez. 
So, it's no surprise that the Cuban leader would have chosen Mr Chavez' radio programme 
for his first live appearance in over seven months.
The Cuban President sounded less frail in this broadcast than he has in the past. 
He told Mr Chavez that he was feeling stronger every day and that his illness had given 
him more time for reading - joking that he had become a student once again in his old age. 
He had praise for the Venezuelan leader for his handling of 
the South American country's economy.
They also discussed other subjects like the use of agricultural products like corn 
and sugar for the creation of alternative fuels such as ethanol. 
One thing he didn't raise was whether he would be returning to power in the near future. 
For now at least, it seems like Mr Castro is to continue convalescing away from the 
public eye - while his brother, Raul, continues at the helm of Cuba's communist government.

Amillia Taylor was born on October 24th last year, just twenty-one weeks and 
six days after conception. 
She was delivered by Caesarean section, barely the length of a ballpoint pen and 
weighing just two-hundred-and-eighty-three grams.
A team of doctors at the Baptist Children's Hospital in Miami were at first doubtful 
that Amillia could live. 
Four months later they are celebrating a remarkable story of survival. 
Despite respiratory difficulties, digestive problems and a minor brain haemorrhage, 
Amillia is thriving. 
She now weighs more than one-point-eight kilos and is expected to be allowed to go 
home with her parents within the next few days.
It's believed that Amillia is the most premature baby on record to have survived and 
her case reopens the on-going debate about at what stage a foetus should 
be regarded as potentially viable. 
Clearly Amillia's story is hugely satisfying for her doctors and of course 
her parents but others in the medical community are stressing that hers is 
anything but a typical outcome. 
It is previously unheard of for a baby born at less than twenty-three weeks' 
gestation to live.

Princess Masako was a beautiful diplomat who spoke several languages and 
travelled the world before her marriage to Japan's Crown Prince in 1993. 
But after she joined the imperial family, she began to suffer from a stress-related illness. 
Many blame her ill-health on the pressure to produce a male heir. 
These days she's seen in public only rarely and carries out few official duties.
Ben Hills is an Australian investigative journalist who says he interviewed 
more than sixty Japanese, American and English sources for his unauthorised 
biography of the troubled princess. 
These included her former colleagues and those of her husband, many of whom, 
the author says, had never given interviews before. 
But Japan's government says the book contains disrespectful descriptions and 
distortions of the facts. 
The complaints are made in letters of protest sent to the author and his publisher. 
The government says it cannot ignore what it calls the book's false characterisation 
of the imperial family.
The Foreign Ministry says the author and his publisher have told them they see 
no particular problems with the book and want to consider what response to make. 
A Japanese edition is due to be published in a few weeks' time.

Mikhail Gorbachev's intervention highlights the plight of the man being described 
in US as well as Russian media reports as merely a humble schoolteacher 
with the interests of his pupils at heart. 
Alexander Ponosov is alleged to have been running pirated copies of Microsoft's Windows 
operating system on computers at his school in the town of Perm, in the Urals Mountains.
Microsoft's local representatives in Russia accuse Mr Ponosov of knowlingly 
using pirated software that cost the company of $10,000 in losses. 
Microsoft boss Bill Gates said last week that his company had made profits of 
a billion dollars a month in the second half of last year, that's about $33m a day. 
Mr Gorbachev's letter, published on his charitable foundation's website, 
appealed to Mr Gates to show mercy to the schoolteacher and warned that Mr Ponosov 
could be locked up in one of Siberia's notorious prison camps if found guilty. 
Mr Ponosov says he's innocent and that the software had been installed on 
the computers before he got them.
President Putin has joined in as well, calling on investigators to aim for the distributors, 
not the users in cases like this. 
However the authorities in Russia are eager to show that they are cracking down on 
theft of intellectual property like computer software. 
In the past, Russia's record has not been good, and Moscow is keen to join the 
World Trade Organisation and a sound record on respect for the property of 
others is an essential requirement.

The Health Ministry's anger over the new olive elixir is mainly directed at 
the country's populist television chat shows which have been whipping up a frenzy. 
Several elderly cancer sufferers have been paraded on screen to recount how the mixture 
of raw olive leaves and water had healed them. 
The Central Medical Council has warned that the so-called "miracle cure" had not been tested 
and expressed fears that sufferers will abandon conventional medicine and die as a result.
Even though Greece is covered with olive trees, profiteers have been convincing the 
gullible to part with forty five to sixty euros for a kilo of the "magic" leaves. 
In southern Greece at the weekend, two middle aged brothers had a furious argument 
over whether they should give the beverage to their third brother who is sick with cancer. 
The eldest brother grabbed a kitchen knife and stabbed his forty year old sibling three times 
in the chest and stomach. 
He rushed him to hospital but it was too late.

Day thirteen of the strike and the most violent so far. 
Thousands of demonstrators continue to take to the streets, not just of the capital Conakry 
but in towns across the country.
Despite the fact that they're being met with live ammunition, the protestors are unrelenting. 
Accusing the president of Guinea, Lansana Conte, of being unfit to rule, 
they're calling on him to step down.
In his seventies and in poor health, he shows no sign of doing so, and over 
the weekend he called on the army and the population to unite behind him.
Conakry has witnessed other strikes before, but this is the biggest and, for the first time, 
the people want to take their protest right to the centre of the capital.
The strike has brought business in Guinea to a standstill. 
No-one knows whether the violence will put people off striking or galvanise 
the population against the president.

According to WWF, more than three hundred thousand tons of tainted coffee left Indonesia in 2005. 
It says coffee grown illegally inside the national park is being sold to local traders who mix 
it with legally grown beans before exporting it to countries like Japan, Italy and the US.
The report says several well-known brands are involved. 
One company, Nestle, issued a statement saying it regrets such unacceptable activities and 
never willingly purchases coffee from dubious sources. 
But, the company said, it's often difficult to determine the precise origin of its coffee.
The head of the park told the BBC that some sixty thousand hectares - around a fifth of the 
park's total area - had been taken over by illegal plantations, most of them producing coffee. 
The park, which covers three hundred thousand hectares, is policed by only sixty rangers, 
he said, and around fifty community workers. 
Stopping the expansion of the plantations is all but impossible. 
Instead, he said officials are trying to entice farmers to move outside 
the park and to raise public awareness of the problem.
The area is home to some sixty tigers and around the same number of rhinos. 
Both species are endangered and park officials say destruction of their natural habitat 
by farmers is making them easier targets for hunters.

Scientists believe that stem cells offer real hope of treating illnesses like diabetes, 
Parkinson's and Alzheimer's. 
Stem cells act like master cells and can grow into the types of tissue that are destroyed 
by the progression of these diseases. 
But this field of research has been hampered by ethical concerns over the source of stem cells.
Scientists say the most useful types are derived from specially grown human embryos. 
Opponents say that because these embryos are destroyed in the process, 
this is tantamount to cannibalism.
Now scientists in the United States, after a seven year research effort, 
say they have found a ready source of useful stem cells in amniotic fluid, 
the liquid that surrounds a growing baby. 
The researchers say that these cells seem to have many of the qualities of embryonic stem cells. 
The team have managed to turn them into functioning muscle, fat, blood vessel, 
nerve and liver cells. 
In tests, these newly made cells seemed to restore some function in brain damaged mice.
Although amniotic fluid derived stem cells are small in number, their ability to 
renew themselves and their versatility gives the researchers great hope. 
They say that a bank of 100,000 of these stem cells could supply a genetic match 
for 99 percent of the US population.

Romano Prodi, the leader of the current centre-left coalition, said Italy will 
lobby actively at the United Nations for an end to capital punishment worldwide. 
The Italian ambassador to the UN has already called upon the General Assembly to re-examine 
a document already presented for debate last month. Italy took up one of the ten 
non-permanent seats on the Security Council this week.
Mr. Prodi said at the weekend that no crime can justify one person killing another. 
This is a principle which all civilisations and religions share, he said. 
Italy presented proposals for a moratorium on the death penalty at the UN assembly in 1994 
and again in 1995 and last July the Italian parliament approved a cross-party motion 
urging the government to table yet another moratorium proposal but this came to nothing 
because of disagreement among Italy's EU partners.
Politicians from both left and right have been expressing disgust at the execution 
of Saddam Hussein. The former prime minister, Silvio Berlusconi, called his hanging 
"a political and historic error". 
The outcry has also been reflected by almost universal condemnation in the Italian press 
of the press leaks and videos of the hanging of the former Iraqi leader. 
The semi official Vatican daily, L'Osservatore Romano, said the transformation 
of the final moments of Saddam Hussein's life into a public spectacle was a violation 
of a fundamental human right.
The Iraqi government has said that Italy has no right to criticise Saddam Hussein's 
execution when, at the end of the Second World War, the fascist dictator, Benito Mussolini, was 
killed by partisans and left hanging by his feet in a Milan square to the derision of the crowds. 
Mussolini's granddaughter, Alessandra, a right-wing MP, joined in the argument saying 
she found the killing of Saddam Hussein disgusting and shameful.

The baby female, who was born on the 13 November, has been named Molly by Chester Zoo staff. 
Molly made her debut weighing 11 stone (70kg) and was walking around her enclosure 
within half an hour, said a zoo spokesperson.
There are just 600 Rothschild giraffes left in the wild in Kenya and Uganda. 
Mike Jordan, Chester Zoo's Curator of Mammals and Birds, said that she is coming 
along very well and that they are delighted with her progress. 
He added that the zoo has a good track record when it comes to breeding giraffes 
and that they are delighted to welcome another to the fold."
Molly is the first Rothschild giraffe to be born at the zoo and her birth came 
just a day after the birth of an Asian elephant calf.

Japan hunts whales every year, and is strongly opposed to a ban on commercial 
whaling imposed two decades ago. 
It says it hunts whales so that its scientists can measure the size of 
the populations and their feeding and breeding habits. 
The meat from the catch is sold and the proceeds used to pay for the research programme.
But environmentalists reject the idea that this is a scientific study. 
They say politicians and bureaucrats allow the hunt because of intense lobbying 
by a small but vocal minority. 
They quote opinion polls suggesting that the majority of Japanese people rarely or 
never eat whale meat and do not support whaling in the southern ocean.
The reality is that many Japanese you talk to do not understand what all the fuss is about. 
Japan says the fleet will try to catch several hundred minke whales, which are quite small. 
The stocks, it says, are relatively plentiful. 
It will also try to kill 10 fin whales, which are larger and rarer. 
The catches are authorised by the International Whaling Commission.

All ten of the countries in the spotlight today were told that their national 
allocation plans would need to be revised in some way, in order to meet the EU's 
proposal to cut carbon dioxide emissions. 
Some countries, notably Latvia and Lithuania, will need to halve the limits they set, 
whilst Britain was the only country whose CO2 targets were acceptable.
In publishing his report on the next round of the Emissions Trading Scheme,
Environment Commissioner Stavros Dimas said that there needed to be an overall 
7% reduction in the amount of carbon dioxide emitted. 
The scheme, which started two years ago, is Europe's way of cutting back on 
gasses which are linked to climate change.
The so-called "cap and trade" system sets targets for CO2 emissions and allows 
countries to buy permits if the target is not met - or sell them if they fall below it. 
Contrary to what was intended, the price of carbon has been falling of late because 
many EU countries have been over-generous with how much CO2 they permitted 
their industries to emit.
Japan has reason to be bolder this year. 
At last year's IWC meeting, it persuaded a majority of other nations to make 
a symbolic show of support for an eventual lifting of the ban on commercial whaling. 
And last month another of its allies, Iceland, decided to resume 
commercial whaling for the first time in seven years.

Augusto Pinochet used the occasion of his ninety-first birthday to say, 
in a written statement, that he took political responsibility for everything 
that was done during his rule. 
In the statement, which was read out by his wife, he told well-wishers who had 
gathered outside his home, that he harboured no rancour against anyone and that 
he accepted full political responsibility for what had happened.
However, Pinochet went on to defend his actions, saying that the military was forced 
to fight against the government of the Marxist president Salvador Allende because 
it was leading the country into political and social turmoil. 
And in a clear reference to the trials of military officers for the human rights 
abuses committed during the regime, Pinochet said it was unfair to demand punishment 
for those who had stopped a political and economic crisis.
Some three-thousand people were killed or disappeared when Pinochet came to power 
after overthrowing Allende in a coup. 
Thousands were tortured and many thousands more fled the country. 
Whilst noting that Pinochet had finally accepted political responsibility, 
critics say it's come too late. 
One political scientist said that Pinochet should have made the statement when 
he was still in power or when he was still an army commander after stepping down.
Pinochet is currently under indictment in two human rights cases and for tax evasion. 
He also has numerous other criminal suits pending filed by victims of 
abuse or their relatives. 
But despite his admission of political responsibility, Chileans doubt 
he will ever go to prison. 
So far courts have always dropped all charges against him, citing ill health.

Mario Scaramella is a man who knows the KGB. He's an expert on the Cold War 
and for the past four years he's been helping the Italian government with 
an investigation into Russian activities in Italy. 
He was also a close contact of Aleksandr Litvinenko - so close that earlier 
this month he went to him with an e-mail. 
Mr Scaramella has no idea who sent him the message but he was sufficiently worried 
by the contents to ask for advice from the former KGB officer. 
The e-mail was astonishing, he said, quite unbelievable.
They met in a Sushi bar for thirty-five minutes. 
Mr Litvinenko guaranteed he'd look into the source but by ten pm, 
when Mr Scaramella called him, Mr Litvinenko was already falling ill. 
Mr Scaramella says he was not told who Mr Litvinenko had been with prior to 
their meeting but he said recognised the symptoms of the poisoning. 
It was radioactive Thallium, he said.
Radioactive material was often used by the FSB to trace Mafia money in Russia. 
There are plenty of people who want to kill Mr Scaramella and Mr Litvinenko. 
The two had worked closely with an Italian parliamentary inquiry lifting the lid 
on former KGB spies and their activities. 
Mr Litvinenko was a friend of the Chechens, said Mr Scaramella, 
public enemy number one. 
And the two had been threatened before.
When questioned Mr Scaramella also revealed that the Italian senator Paolo Guzzanti, 
who sat on the parliamentary inquiry into the KGB, was also on this hit list. 
It seemed to come as some surprise to the senator, who was at the same press conference. 
He'd clearly not been told before.

Both of the children who killed themselves this weekend had been bullied. 
A twelve year old girl jumped to her death from a high building after her 
classmates teased her for being short. 
A fourteen year old boy hanged himself after his classmates tried to extort money from him.
It's not new of course. Japan's schools have long had a problem with bullying. 
After the suicides of five young children in less than four months, there's more 
attention being paid to the problem, but no-one can agree what to do about it.
More attention, of course, can create its own difficulties. 
The head teacher killed himself after giving a news conference in which he was criticised 
for his handling of an extortion incident involving a pupil at his school.
Suicide in Japan is not just seen as an easy way out. 
Traditionally, it was regarded as a responsible way to deal with a problem 
when faced with no other option. 
But last week, several schoolchildren wrote to the Education minister threatening 
to kill themselves because no-one would help them. 
He responded by urging students not to write to him, but instead to try find people 
they could talk to about their difficulties.
It's awkward. 
Some fear publicising such cases increases the likelihood others will try to copy them. 
Others though, say the failures in the system need to be exposed.

It has already been dubbed the wedding of the year and every Italian chat show, 
gossip column, and newspaper, is full of the speculation of where the Hollywood 
couple will marry. 
Tom Cruise and fiancee Katie Holmes are confirming nothing. 
But the media hunt for the secret venue appears to have settled on an old Roman 
villa on Lake Bracciano close to Rome.
In its time Castello Odescalchi has hosted popes and kings - but it's unlikely 
to have seen anything quite like this. 
The word is the celebration will span three days, with a warm up party on November 16th. 
The Catholic wedding will follow the next day with a final ritual on the 18th conducted 
by Scientology - the church founded by science fiction writer Ron Hubbard, 
of which Tom Cruise is a member.
The arrangements for the ceremony and the design of Katie Holmes' gown have been given 
to Giorgio Armani at an estimated cost of 2 million dollars. 
Even the towels in the bedrooms have been carefully selected. 
For 7,000 dollars they'll be made in the colours of the wedding day outfits and 
will carry the couple's initials. 
Of course, the guest list will include some of the biggest names in Hollywood. 
One newspaper reported this week that 100 black limousines have been ordered for 
the occasion along with 300 bodyguards.

The Court of Appeal agreed with last year's High Court decision that having 
a paid executive on the board meant the BSO was not "essentially voluntary". 
This is one of the requirements imposed by the Revenue for the orchestra's 
admission income to be treated as VAT-exempt.
The BSO said it was "very disappointed" and would consider an appeal. 
In 2002, The European Court ruled that London Zoo's ticket money could 
be treated as free of VAT. 
The decision overruled the UK one and allowed many charities to reclaim VAT backdated 
to June 1993 - three years before the EU legislation was implemented in the UK.
But in December 2003, customs issued a policy stating that as long as one person 
is paid for managerial or administrative work, or has a financial interest in the company, 
is either an actual board member or in possession of delegated power, 
the exemption could not apply.
Last year, Mr Justice Mann ruled in the High Court that because managing director 
Michael Henson was paid for his work on the board of the BSO, it meant 
it was not "essentially voluntary". 
Simon Millward, spokesman for the BSO, told BBC News that the orchestra is 
very disappointed with the ruling. 
It was given very strong indications that it would win the appeal.

It's always being said that British schoolchildren don't know much about British history, 
but one thing they do all know is that Henry VIII had six wives - as the saying goes 
"divorced, beheaded, died; divorced, beheaded, survived".
Catherine of Aragon was the Spanish first wife who was divorced when she failed 
to give the King a son. 
The letter for sale is dated February the 8th 1534, in the middle of this tumultuous 
and gripping period. King Henry wanted the Pope to annul his marriage to Catherine so 
that he could have a child with another woman.
This autographed letter, signed 'Katharina', is to the Holy Roman Emperor Charles V. 
In it she pleads - in Spanish - for Charles to press the Pope to stand up to Henry 
saying that the [quote] "sufferings, surprises and affronts which every day puts on us, 
are of universal notoriety". 
Catherine was successful, the Pope supported her, but of course Henry defied the Pope, 
divorced Catherine, and set up the Church of England.
The letter is enormously rare and could fetch over 100,000 dollars when 
it's sold in December. 
The price reflects how intimate a glimpse it gives into the operation of 
a brutal and totalitarian society.

Since early 2005, Mivan PLC, the company responsible for the Imperial War Museum 
in Manchester, Dubai's Islamic Art Museum and parts of Disneyland, 
have fitted out all of the museum's six gallery spaces.
Many of the original features are in place. 
The building feels like it has been opened up. 
It is brighter, lighter and more spacious. 
There are some glass panels on the walls and new glass roofing, 
bringing more light into the rooms.
Each of the six rooms has a different theme. 
The Harold Cantor Gallery will contain temporary exhibitions. 
The first exhibition will be from photographer Faye Chamberlain, documenting the changes 
to the buildings in the Weston Park project.
Entering through a steel city gateway, you are into the Sheffield Life and Times room. 
This room shows the skills and the industry that have shaped the city. 
There are also portraits of some of Sheffield's local heroes, by photographer Harry Borden.
"Sheffield's people, without exception, have been incredibly generous with their time, 
going out of their way to provide information and photographs from their family archives 
as well as memories of their own experiences," said Kim Streets, Curator of Social History. 
She is working on the Sheffield Life and Times display.
Arctic World is a place where children can explore life in a land of ice and snow, 
with the help of Snowy, the museum's resident polar bear.
There is a curved ceiling with birch beams in the What on Earth room. 
Here you can find out about Sheffield's changing wildlife, weather and landscape. 
There will also be two large glass cases: one with a colony of bees, 
the other with a colony of ants. 
Both displays are fitted with webcams to see into their world.
There are newly commissioned paintings and sculptures in the About Art room. 
And in Treasures there is a collection of unexpected, ancient and contemporary 
things that people have found, loved and saved.

Contacting outer space has been an obsession for humans for thousands of years. 
Well now, this new project aims to make an attempt on behalf of the digital generation. 
Organised by the internet search engine Yahoo, material has started to be collected 
from around the planet.
Under the section 'what makes you sad', a man from Ethiopia has sent in a letter 
with the word 'greed' written on it. 
In the 'what is fun' section, a man from Toronto has posted a picture of himself poking 
his tongue out. 
The majority of contributions so far are about the subject of love. 
A panel of judges will decide the final content to be digitalised. 
Then, later this month, the chosen work will be projected via a laser onto an ancient pyramid 
on the outskirts of Mexico City and then into space.
The site was chosen because of the contrast between old and new civilisations. 
The organisers say information has never been captured on such a scale before and will show 
anyone or anything watching what life is really like on earth.
Time capsules have long been a favoured tool of humans to pass on their legacy. 
In the 1970s, the astronomer Carl Sagan famously compiled a record. 
It included the sound of a mariachi band and greetings in an ancient Sumerian language. 
The record was sent out on the Voyager spacecraft. 
This latest attempt to speak to any potential neighbours may be earthbound. 
But in what is being described as the first ever digital mosaic of humanity, it hopes 
to harness the power of lasers and the internet to cross the inter-galactic divide.

While there have been moves to clamp down on Internet gambling in the United States 
for some time, this latest action by Congress was a little unexpected. 
The legislation was actually tacked onto an unrelated bill regarding security at American ports. 
All the bill needs to come into effect is the signature of President George Bush - 
and that's likely to happen within the next two weeks.
As a result, shares in some of the big companies involved in this sector have taken 
a significant battering, losing more than half of their value. 
The world's largest online casino, 888, has already suspended its operations in the US - 
and another company, PartyGaming says it'll follow suit once the bill is signed into law.
It's a huge blow for these companies - this is a six billion dollar a year market - PartyGaming 
generates as much as 78 percent of its revenues from the United States. 
For 888, the figure is around 50 percent. 
However, while the immediate future of these firms looks bleak, many experts say 
that the desire on the part of punters to gamble means that, in time, ways around these 
new laws will probably be found.

Archbishop Desmond Tutu was blunt. To South Africans he said: the fact of the matter 
is we despise ourselves, we really despise ourselves and project it onto others. 
His Steve Biko Memorial Lecture praised the man who led the black consciousness movement 
in South Africa as a remarkable young man who made a unique assessment of why black people 
were always at the end of the queue.
During the 1960s and 70s, Steve Biko had underlined the need for blacks to throw off mental 
as well as physical oppression of apartheid rule. 
Steve Biko died after being tortured by the apartheid police in 1977. 
Desmond Tutu said the best memorial to Biko would be a South Africa where everyone 
respected themselves.
But he went on to paint a very different picture and pulled no punches on the subject of 
South Africa's alarmingly high rate of violent crime, including car hijacking. 
Archbishop Tutu said scared car owners handed over the keys but were then shot dead in cold 
blood for the sheer hell of it - utterly, gratuitously, wantonly. 
He asked: is it not horrendous for an adult man to rape a nine-month-old baby.
Despite the fact that white minority rule ended twelve years ago, Archbishop Tutu questioned 
whether people realised the long-term damage of the apartheid system, saying: 
we seem to have lost our sense of right and wrong. 
Desmond Tutu called on South Africans to respect each other and to oppose xenophobia, and ended 
his lecture saying: you know what, we are indeed a scintillating success waiting to happen.

Archbishop Desmond Tutu was blunt. 
To South Africans he said: the fact of the matter is we despise ourselves, 
we really despise ourselves and project it onto others. 
His Steve Biko Memorial Lecture praised the man who led the black consciousness movement 
in South Africa as a remarkable young man who made a unique assessment of why black people 
were always at the end of the queue.
During the 1960s and 70s, Steve Biko had underlined the need for blacks to throw off mental 
as well as physical oppression of apartheid rule. 
Steve Biko died after being tortured by the apartheid police in 1977. 
Desmond Tutu said the best memorial to Biko would be a South Africa 
where everyone respected themselves.
But he went on to paint a very different picture and pulled no punches on the subject of 
South Africa's alarmingly high rate of violent crime, including car hijacking. 
Archbishop Tutu said scared car owners handed over the keys but were then shot dead 
in cold blood for the sheer hell of it - utterly, gratuitously, wantonly. 
He asked: is it not horrendous for an adult man to rape a nine-month-old baby.
Despite the fact that white minority rule ended twelve years ago, Archbishop Tutu 
questioned whether people realised the long-term damage of t
he apartheid system, saying: we seem to have lost our sense of right and wrong. 
Desmond Tutu called on South Africans to respect each other and to oppose xenophobia, 
and ended his lecture saying: you know what, we are indeed a scintillating 
success waiting to happen.

The Vatican houses one of the world's most important historical archives, the so called 
"secret archive" which contains some two million documents dating back up to a thousand years. 
They are kept for safety mainly in underground fireproof bunkers and storerooms placed 
along some fifty linear miles of shelving.
Periodically the Pope decides to open to scrutiny by scholars and professional historians 
a new treasure house of documents. 
The latest to be made available dates from the reign of Pope Pius XI, who was elected pope 
in 1922 and led the Catholic church until his death shortly before the outbreak of 
the Second World War in 1939.
No less than four notorious dictators came to power during this period - Benito Mussolini 
in Italy, Joseph Stalin in Russia, Adolf Hitler in Germany and Francisco Franco in Spain. 
Details of relations between the Vatican and these countries during this period will be 
of outstanding interest to scholars.
The future Pope Pius XII was the Vatican's nuncio or ambassador in Berlin in the 1930s 
and his correspondence with Rome will also be eagerly scrutinised. 
Pope Pius XI refused to meet Hitler when he visited Rome in 1938 at Mussolini's invitation. 
The Pope ordered the Vatican museums to be closed and shut himself up at his residence 
at Castelgandolfo until Hitler had left town.

The Spanish fashion industry is taking a stand against waif thin models. 
Madrid Fashion Week may not be equal to the catwalks of Paris or New York, but organisers 
are turning away women they say are too underweight. 
Last year's fashion parade led to protests from medical associations and women's 
rights groups, who complained that the participants were unhealthily skinny.
In response to pressure from the local government, the Association of Fashion Designers 
has agreed to use a calculation known as the Body Mass Index, based on weight and height 
to reject excessively thin models from this year's show. 
The World Health Organisation says a person's BMI should be between eighteen-and-a-half 
and about twenty-five. 
Organisers of Madrid Fashion Week have decided to ban underweight models who 
have a BMI of less than eighteen.
The Association of Fashion Designers says thirty per cent of would be participants fail 
this test, including Spanish top model, Esther Canadas, who reportedly has a BMI of fourteen. 
At this year's fashion week, models as thin as Esther Canadas will be offered medical treatment. 
Madrid's local government says it wants to set a more positive, healthy image of beauty 
for teenagers to follow. 
Spain's Anorexia and Bulimia Association says if designers refuse to follow these voluntary 
restrictions the government should legislate to ban thin models.

Both the authorities and human rights groups have warned that the racial violence in 
northern Russia could spread. 
In an interview with the "Isvestia" newspaper, the local governor has blamed 
the unrest on migrants. 
Sergei Katanandov describes the behaviour of some young people from the Caucasus 
as totally inexcusable.
His remarks are likely to be welcomed by those in the town of Kondopoga 
who want all Caucasians expelled. 
Last week, two local men were killed in a brawl. 
At the weekend hundreds of youths - who blamed migrants for the deaths - 
went on the rampage attacking businesses belonging to traders from the Caucasus.
There are signs that the tension is spreading to other parts of the region. 
On Tuesday night, supporters of far-right movements held a rally in 
the nearby town of Petrozavodsk. 
White supremacist groups in Russia have openly encouraged attacks 
on non-Slavs in recent years. 
There have been countless beatings, and several deaths - but the numbers involved 
in the latest unrest appear unprecedented in the country in modern times.

The Zambezi River crossing at Kazungula - upstream from the Victoria Falls - 
has been an important trading link since the nineteenth century and this is 
the spot where the borders of four countries converge - Botswana, Zambia, 
Zimbabwe and Namibia. 
In colonial times, everyone wanted access to the Zambezi.
At State House in Harare, an agreement has just been signed that will now provide 
for the construction and maintenance of a new bridge across one of 
Africa's greatest rivers. 
At present, people crossing between Botswana and Zambia rely on a small, out-dated ferry. 
But within the next couple of years, it's hoped that the Kazungula Bridge 
will open up this regional trade route between southern Africa and countries to the north.
Political borders have long been economic barriers in Africa and growth has 
always been hampered by poor infrastructure. 
But times are changing and there's a wider acceptance that partnership 
is the key to important new projects, such as this one on the Zambezi.

The Maori King movement, known as kingitanga, began in 1858, partially in response 
to the colonisation of New Zealand by the imperial forces of Britain's Queen Victoria. 
A treaty signed by a number of Maori chiefs at Waitangi in the North Island 
ceded New Zealand to the British Crown. 
It stated that if Maori wanted to sell their land then they could only 
deal with Queen Victoria's authorised agents.
Some North Island Maori sought to reach a common position on the use of their land. 
To help this goal, the first Maori King was created -- he was Potatau Te Wherowhero 
of the Tainui tribe in the central North Island region of Waikato. 
Governing members of the modern-day Tainui tribe have been saying other 
Maori tribes would have a say on who would become the new sovereign after 
the death of Te Arikinui Dame Te Atairangikaahu.
In recent years what's been described as a Maori renaissance has flourished 
in New Zealand, promoting the use of the Maori language and a greater awareness 
of tribal ancestry. 
In recent years many Maori have united against the New Zealand government, 
in protest at its efforts to clarify ownership of the country's extensive foreshore. 
The row led in part to the formation of a small but powerful new Maori party.

As the critics settle down to a marathon premiere of Shakespeare's three-part 
Henry the Sixth their eyes may wander occasionally from the stage to the theatre 
about them - because the play is inaugurating the Royal Shakespeare Company's new home. 
The Courtyard is a temporary structure but long-term temporary, filling in the big gap 
while the interior of the 1932 Shakespeare theatre nearby is extensively reconstructed.
The Courtyard isn't at all like what the architect Elisabeth Scott built for Stratford in 1932. 
It's been said she designed something more like a plain suburban cinema than a landmark 
theatre and her critics point out she never designed another major project. 
Yet at the time there was little notion of what a non-commercial theatre should look like.
Now the new Courtyard is a prototype for what's to emerge four years from now in the 
shell of the old theatre. Gone the proscenium arch, or "picture frame", concept - 
to be replaced by a thrust stage - the audience sitting on three sides.
Theatre design has changed as social attitudes have altered. 
The old division into Stalls, Circle and Gallery reflected class divisions unacceptable 
in an age when culture depends so much on public subsidy. 
Proscenium arch theatres are now held to be alienating. 
So though its roots may lie in the Renaissance, Stratford's new wrap-around design 
reflects a very contemporary idea of social inclusion.

Archaeologists are amazed that such a fragile ancient document could have survived 
for so long and that it was then discovered as it could so easily 
have been overlooked or destroyed.
It was spotted by a construction worker who was using a shovel to dig into a peat bog. 
Crucially, after it was uncovered, the landowner placed damp soil over it to 
protect the book, which was written on vellum.
Initial checks suggest that the book of psalms was written around 800 AD at 
a time of Viking attacks on Ireland. 
A fragment of Psalm 83 is legible but it will take much longer 
to analyse the whole manuscript.
Pat Wallace, the director of the National Museum of Ireland, called the first discovery 
of an early medieval document in two centuries "a miracle find."

The Securitate, with its network of agents and informers, struck fear into 
the hearts of ordinary Romanians. 
But 16 years after the end of the Ceaucescu era, news that those informers included 
schoolchildren has been greeted with genuine shock. 
According to the National Council for Research into the Securitate Archive, 
secret police operatives recruited networks of children to spy on their elders. 
Cazimir Ionescu is the Council's spokesman.
"The network was active in all districts. 
Kids as young as 12 or 14 were part of this. 
They were supposed to spy on their schoolfriends, their schoolfriends' 
parents and also their teachers."
The Council says it's uncovered hundreds of cases of children who spied for 
the secret police - informing on adults for listening to foreign radio stations 
or telling jokes about the Ceaucescu family. 
When it came to recruitment, the Securitate, it seems, used a carrot and stick approach. 
Sometimes they would offer a place at university as a reward for collaboration. 
But there were several cases where pupils were approached in school after 
getting into trouble and offered a way out.
Details of the extent of the operation remain sketchy. 
It's also unclear if it was deemed a success. 
But the revelations have stirred a nationwide debate in a country still 
coming to terms with its communist past.

Who is responsible and who coordinated the sophisticated series of attacks is now 
the focus for investigators. 
Bomb squads and police with dogs have spent the night combing the 
wrecked carriages searching for clues.
No one has said they carried out the attack, but security officials believe 
this was a well-planned operation, masterminded by a major terrorist outfit.
In the past, Indian authorities have been quick to point the finger at Islamic militant 
groups fighting for an independent Kashmir or linking similar small-scale attacks 
to the activities of Mumbai's criminal underworld. 
But leading Muslim militant groups operating in the Kashmir Valley 
have denied any role in the blasts.
Police have also carried out raids in the financial capital and surrounding areas, 
bringing suspects in for questioning, but no arrests have been made so far.
Medical teams worked throughout the night to treat the injured, but many anxious relatives 
are still making their way from hospital to hospital searching for loved ones. 
Train services in the city are almost back to full operation - even the Western line, 
the target of the attacks, is creeping back to normal.

It's hard to believe that the bikini is now a pensioner - with France celebrating 
sixty years since the scandalous birth of those three small triangles, which one critic 
complained revealed everything about a girl apart from her mother's maiden name.
Few, though, realise that the itsy-bitsy two-piece was one of France's main gifts 
to the fashion world - invented by a French car engineer, Louis Reard, who clearly 
understood the laws both of gravity and aerodynamics. 
He was running his mother's underwear shop in Paris when inspiration struck. 
He took away half the fabric of an ordinary swimsuit - to reveal the belly button - 
and a superstar was born.
He named the invention after America's first nuclear test in the Pacific - 
presuming it would cause a similar explosion. And it did. In 1951, the Miss World 
competition banned it, saying any contestant wearing one would gain an unfair advantage. 
In 1955 the late British actress, Diana Dors, wore a mink bikini to the Venice Film festival, 
winning as many column inches as Brigitte Bardot frolicking in her skimpy two-piece 
in the film "And God Created Woman".
For others, the garment's seminal moment came in the Bond film, Dr No, in 1962 
when Ursula Andress emerged from the waves in a soaking white bikini.
Love it or hate it, the bikini is here to stay - outliving one magazine's sniffy prediction 
that it was inconceivable that any girl of taste or modesty would succumb to wearing such a thing.

The past two decades have seen huge changes in the way the telecom sector in Europe operates. 
Liberalisation has allowed large numbers of new operators into the market to challenge 
the dominance of former national monopolies.
But the Commission believes that rules designed to promote competition are applied 
in a haphazard fashion because each member state has its own telecoms regulator. 
So it's proposing to create a new European regulator to coordinate the work of 
the national authorities.
It's also planning to set up a central agency to allocate radio spectrum frequencies. 
Such frequencies can be extremely valuable to companies which provide wireless services 
such as mobile phone networks or satellite navigation systems. 
But because they're provided by national authorities in each country, 
it can prove difficult for those businesses to get access to the spectrum they need.
But analysts say national governments may prove highly reluctant 
to surrender control of their radio frequencies to Brussels.

Bangkok is swept up in World Cup fever again, after a week's distraction from the 
football by celebrations to mark the king's sixtieth year on the throne, and the police are 
reporting the arrest of more than three hundred people in the city for gambling 
on the matches - it's illegal in Thailand.
The police say they also want to crack down on children selling garlands of flowers 
to drivers at traffic lights. The flowers are used to bless Buddha images on the dashboard; 
the police plan to penalise the children's parents.
And the government’s plan announced today to make the area around Bangkok's 
new international airport a separate province has angered the city's governor; 
he's from the main opposition party. 
The new province would swallow two of Bangkok's districts. 
The new airport is due to open in September, more than a year late. 
It aims to compete with aviation hubs like Singapore and Hong Kong. 
Much of the planning for new infrastructure in Bangkok has been held up 
by disputes between the city administration and the government.

